well howdy there I don't know people is
Bo again you know there's a photo of me
taking Ron skipping school with a bunch
of kids lot older than me had no
business skipping school with him to be
honest I was in Stewart County Tennessee
on a dirt road hanging out the side of a
Camaro wearing denim on denim red that
I'm sure blue jeans I had a moment white
trash to find a single photo all I
needed was a can of bush beer got photos
not on the internet though you know what
is on the Internet
much young men and women in Hoover
Alabama speaking fondly of ethnic
cleansing that's what's on the Internet
they're going to pay for these
statements the rest of their life
because the Internet is forever it is
forever shouldn't come as a surprise
though that it's coming out of Hoover
Alabama you remember that girl that was
swinging on the gym bars talking about
how much she loved the N word and y'all
can all go after yourselves Hoover
Alabama you remember that teacher that
told them you students turned down
Tupac used a racial slur in the process
Hoover Alabama you remember the outrage
over the parents at the football games
and they're kind shouldn't be on the
playing field Hoover Alabama
remember when Bradford got shot in the
mall cop said they got the right guy the
active shooter then had to admit they
got the wrong guy killed the wrong
person Hoover Alabama should not come as
a surprise at all
Hoover Alabama's named after a guy guy
who Pulitzer prize-winning journalist
Diane McWhorter tied two white
nationalist movements he was a suspect
in a synagogue bombing
to the towns named after so this should
not come as a surprise it's still
shocking though shouldn't be it's bad
it's a bad this uptick in racism is a
fad triggered because we had a black
president and a bunch of white people
felt like they were losing their place
in the world it's a fad
just like that mullet the difference is
when I walk into a job interview they
know the mullets gone the rest of their
lives these kids they walk into a job
interview you still believe in ethnic
cleansing this community did these young
men and women a great disservice because
the stuff they're saying didn't come
from them did not come from these kids
those talking points they're old they're
old that came from the community it's
what this community is creating it's
what this community is creating
community we won't have to pay for it
though be these kids then probably all
right if they never leave Hoover Alabama
but if they ever want to get out of that
armpit join the rest of the world
they're gonna have to answer for this
because the Internet is forever this
video will be around
the nationalism used to create these
statements
so what nationalism does teaches you
take pride and things you had nothing to
do with and hate people you've never met
live in Hoover Alabama have a problem
with Jewish people really how many could
you possibly have met there I don't even
think there's a synagogue yeah this tide
of racism it's gonna AB this video won't
young people today need to remember that
the elders in their community they don't
know how to work their phone they don't
know how to work their computer maybe
there's a lot of things they don't know
maybe they got left behind and they're
still clinging to ideologies that are
obsolete
on one hand I feel bad for him because
everybody has some belief that they're
ashamed of that they help when they were
a teenager if they've grown at all as a
person but on the other hand I should
have known better they should have known
better society they know that their
elders and their community are always
right
these kids know that and they should
have been able to discern what's right
and wrong it's the community's fault but
it's gonna be these kids pay for anyway
it's just a fault
y'all have a good night